feat: Expand the Gardener shoot creation how-to (#134)
citynetwork/docs: docs/howto/kubernetes/gardener/create-shoot-cluster.md

!["Create {{k8s_management_service}} Shoot Cluster" panel](assets/create-shoot-3.png)

In the list of clusters, you will see your new {{k8s_management_service}} shoot bootstrapping.
The icon on the left marks the progress.
Creating the cluster can take several minutes.

![Shoot cluster bootstrapping](assets/shoot_bootstrapping.png)

### A note on quotas

Your Gardener worker nodes are subject to [quotas](../../../reference/quotas/openstack.md) applicable to your {{brand}} project.
You should make sure that considering your selection of worker node [*flavor*](../../../reference/flavors/index.md) (which determines the number of virtual cores and virtual RAM allocated to each node), the _volume size_, and the _Autoscaler Max_ value, you are not at risk of violating any quota.

For example, if your project is configured with the [default quotas](../../../reference/quotas/openstack.md), and you select the `b.4c16gb` flavor for your worker nodes, your cluster would be able to run with a maximum of 3 worker nodes (since their total memory footprint would be 3×16=48 GiB, just short of the default 50 GiB limit).

> A 4th node would push your total memory allocation to 64 GiB, which would violate your quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 4th node would push your total memory allocation to 64 GiB, violating your quota.
```

Author: Ah yes, that's better. Thanks!

If necessary, be sure to request a quota increase via our [{{support}}](https://{{support_domain}}).

## Extracting the kubeconfig file

When the Shoot cluster is up and running, you need to create a [kubeconfig](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/organize-cluster-access-kubeconfig/) file to be able to access it.
To do that, click on the cluster to expand its properties, and open *KubeConfig*.

![KubeConfig tab in {{k8s_management_service}} Shoot view](assets/shoot_kubeconfig.png)

Copy the content of the kubeconfig using the *Copy Config* button, and insert it into `~/.kube/config`.
Create the directory and the file if needed.

> > By default, `kubectl` searches for its configuration in `~/.kube/config`, but you can [modify this behaviour](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/organize-cluster-access-kubeconfig/) if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, `kubectl` searches for its configuration in `~/.kube/config`, but you can [modify this behavior](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/organize-cluster-access-kubeconfig/) if needed.
```

Author: We had the 🇬🇧/🇨🇦 spelling in the original, but I did check the rest of the docs and we already do use 🇺🇸 spelling for this word in two other places. So I'll fix this.

---
description: How to spin up a Kubernetes cluster with Gardener

> ---

Author: Sorry @colder-is-better, I meant to include this bit in the patch from the get-go but somehow forgot. I can haz re-approval plz?
